To make sure does looks good on mobile view.
There are two main things.
The first one is simple in main navigation here on the NAF element which wraps NAF links add a class
which should be main dash navigation underscore underscore header dash Nath.
If you do that.
Thanks to the provided CSF styling you see now the links here on the right are gone.
But now we need to enable that button here and make sure we estimate and show a side draw which gives
us our links to do that.
We have to go to site draw of course and work on that a little bit.
So here it will import react from react and import dot slash side draw dot see as s and then create
the side draw here as a component and export it of course as we always do
and now in here in the side draw.
I want to do a couple of things which we haven't done before.
For one I want to add animations so that it slides in and slides out.
And I also want to render it in a different part of the page then where I will include the draw.
Now what do I mean by that.
Well for this let's first of all return an aside here.
A default H html element which should render props children dead will be my draw for data will add a
class name here which is site Dash.
Draw just like that.
Now attached you find a site draw see as this file and you can copy its content here into site or see
as s now with that let's use the site draw in main navigation in main navigation.
I WANT TO RENDER IT NEXT TO THE MAIN HEADER so I will import side draw from dot slash site draw and
now render it for example here.
Side draw.
Opening and Closing Tax because inside I want to have a nav element with a class name of main dash navigation
underscore underscore draw Nath which is basically opposite to my header Nath.
If we are in a smaller screen and dare I again want to pass on my nav links I set up styling which is
flexible enough to render NAF links horizontally or vertically depending on whether we're on the smaller
screen and hence a draw or on a bigger screen and hence in the header but here we have a syntax error
in react and that is just a rule you have to memorise.
You must only have one route it she has X element per component you can't have as many nested as you
want but here having a site or next to a main header as the values we returned won't work.
And that's actually not a react limitation it's a javascript limitation.
In a normal function you can't return to numbers like this for example even if that just doesn't work
so to return multiple root level elements react gives you a special wrapper react dot fragment.
This doesn't render any real H to Al element to the screen.
It just fulfills this requirement of having one root element and then in there you can have as many
side by side or nested elements as you want.
So now we need react fragment and now we can render the draw if we save this.
Here is our draw and it works that's great.
But of course we can't close it we can't open it and it's also not animated because it's also always
stare I guess in addition to that however if we inspect this in the real Dom we see our draw does a
side is rendered here in the root which isn't too bad but semantically since this really is an overlay
to the entire page I would rather have it being rendered right under body.
So somewhere here which leads to the same result regarding the tail the look of it but semantics is
a bit different.
It's a tiny thing but still something which I'd like to have we can implement this with a concept called
react portals.
Let's have a look at that.